Advanced English skills.
Very strong analytical skills.
Excellent knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals (e.g., data structures, algorithms, object-oriented programming, concurrency, etc).
Experience or good understanding of what it takes to build scalable systems (e.g., understand performance, scalability, distributed systems, etc).
Experience using Python to develop many types of software.
Good grasp of web technologies in general; strong understanding of the key concepts involved in implementing web applications and REST APIs too.
Experience working in Linux environment.
Experience in the development of applications with Django and Flask. Any other framework is a plus.
Good knowledge of relational databases and SQL.
Basic knowledge of NoSQL databases and experience with any of those is good to have.
Experience working with any cloud services provider is a plus (AWS, GCP, Azure) is a plus.
Knowledge and understanding of microservices architecture is a nice to have.
Advanced Python and/or C++
Continuous Integration and Deployment systems
Compiler technology
Computational fluid dynamics or weather and climate modeling
Parallel and distributed computing typical of HPC platforms.
The position will suit someone with a keen interest in software engineering, cutting-edge image processing algorithms, statistical learning methods, and partial differential equation (PDE)-based models. Previous experience with image processing and FEM is a plus, but not required. A background in biomedicine is not required, but a willingness to learn is expected.
General programming knowledge
Clean code principles and software craftsmanship
Knowledge of at least one programming language C #, C ++
Advanced English language
Knowledge of LINUX OS on advanced user level
Programming in C and C++ preferably in Linux environment
Cross platform compiling experience
knowledge in LINUX driver programming
MATLAB language
Understand the end to end use case and propose the solution’s architecture
Development of the business logic (Frontend + Backend) in lean and iterative way
Continuous deployment of the software platform (Docker, Kubernetes) into the cloud environment
Reflecting user feedbacks and change requests in short development cycles (sprints)
Integrate advanced AI / ML algorithms into the platform business logic, clarifying the learning parameters and KPI’s with the data scientists
Document the solution and share and hand over to the project partners
Bachelor or Master of Science in Computer Science or related field
Full-stack software development
On Frontend experience with Angular or another web framework (e.g React)
On Backend OOP (e.g. C#, .NET core, Python)
Data science or machine learning related experiences (e.g., ML flow, Kubeflow, Python)
Agile mindset
Communication and presentation skills in English
Communication in virtual environment (e.g. MS Teams, Webex etc.)
Feedback culture and willingness to learn
